### Hi there 👋 My name is Patrick Poole and I'm a full stack engineer.

I am currently living in Denver, Colorado but I'm looking to make a move to San Francisco, California within the next year. When it comes to development my motto is "Build something beautiful that people love to use". I've been passionate about coding for as long as I can remember. Ever since I was young, the idea of building cool things and posting them on the web for others to see has excited me. Being creative in my work is what keeps me inspired and is why I truly love what I do. Development is more than just a career to me, it's a passion and one of my favorite hobbies. For the past 5 or 6 years I've been doing mostly web development work in JavaScript and frontend frameworks like React and Vue. Recently, I've been diving into the TypeScript world and while it took a minute to learn the ins and outs, I now find it to be an almost essential tool when developing user interfaces that interact with different types of data. I'm also pushing myself to branch out into other areas of coding and focusing on learning languages like Python, Ruby, and Swift. In doing so I find myself having a better understanding of Computer Science and Software Development as a whole and truly feel confident that I can come into any development project and make a meaningful contribution. If you are currently hiring for any open positions based on the skills and experience I've listed, please don't hesitate to reach out to me at patrickcpoole@gmail.com! 

